README.md, before:

[![Gitter](https://badges.gitter.im/Join%20Chat.svg)](https://gitter.im/vaadin-flow/Lobby#?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge)

# Skeleton Starter for Vaadin Flow

This project can be used as a starting point to create your own Vaadin Flow application.
It has the necessary dependencies and files to help you get started.

The best way to use it by via [vaadin.com/start](https://vaadin.com/start) - you can get only the necessary parts and choose the package naming you want to use.
There is also a [getting started tutorial](https://vaadin.com/learn) based on this project.

To access it directly from github, clone the repository and import the project to the IDE of your choice as a Maven project. You need to have Java 8 installed.

Run using `mvn jetty:run` and open [http://localhost:8080](http://localhost:8080) in browser.

For a full Vaadin Flow application example, there is the Beverage Buddy App Starter for Flow available also from [vaadin.com/start](https://vaadin.com/start) page.

Branching information:
* `master` the latest version of the starter, using latest platform snapshot
* `v10` the version for Vaadin 10
* `v11` the version for Vaadin 11
* `v12` the version for Vaadin 12
* `v13` the version for Vaadin 13

Commit message:

Add an instruction for running app in production mode

README.md, after:

[![Gitter](https://badges.gitter.im/Join%20Chat.svg)](https://gitter.im/vaadin-flow/Lobby#?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge)

# Skeleton Starter for Vaadin Flow

This project can be used as a starting point to create your own Vaadin Flow application.
It has the necessary dependencies and files to help you get started.

The best way to use it by via [vaadin.com/start](https://vaadin.com/start) - you can get only the necessary parts and choose the package naming you want to use.
There is also a [getting started tutorial](https://vaadin.com/learn) based on this project.

To access it directly from github, clone the repository and import the project to the IDE of your choice as a Maven project. You need to have Java 8 installed.

Run using `mvn jetty:run` and open [http://localhost:8080](http://localhost:8080) in browser.
If you want to run your app locally in the production mode, use 
`mvn jetty:run-war -Pproduction`.

For a full Vaadin Flow application example, there is the Beverage Buddy App Starter for Flow available also from [vaadin.com/start](https://vaadin.com/start) page.

Branching information:
* `master` the latest version of the starter, using latest platform snapshot
* `v10` the version for Vaadin 10
* `v11` the version for Vaadin 11
* `v12` the version for Vaadin 12
* `v13` the version for Vaadin 13
